Well, you brought me my steaks, so here's the information I promised:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wastelands information file.
Compiled by Troy Hadley with help from Defs Sacre. July 19, 2014.

Towns:

  #1: Sacre Base.

     I'm sure this one isn't news to you. It's our home camp. Both myself
   and Defs Sacre hang out in the tavern so you may find us there.

  #2: Freedom City. Located at 53, 6.

     A guy named Eastwood runs this place. To my knowledge, it's the only
   other free city left in the wasteland.

  #3: Death Warrior Camp. Specific location unknown.

     Them nasty death warriors. Their camp is south on the main highway.
   There are nuke strikes all around it - you can't miss it. Be careful of
   them death warriors though. The won't be friendly.

  #4: Black Widow Headquarters. Specific location unknown.

     Rumored to be located in deadwood forest, surrounded by the dark
   mountains. See below.

Pylons:

     We haven't figured out how to activate these pylons. Some have claimed
   to use some kind of key to get access, but I don't know... Here is the
   location of a few of them.

  14, 36 - Close to Sacre Base; good for getting around.

  56, 10 - Near freedom city.

  (???)  - Located close to Black Widow HQ. Specific location unknown.

Places of interest:

  Deadwood Forest.

     This place is the home of the dreaded black widows. It's true location
   is not known, but both the BW Pylon and the BW headquarters are located
   here. It's rumored to be in the dark mountains, in the south-central
   portion of the map.

  Quasar Mountain

     Located somewhere to the right of deadwood forest. Rumor is there is
   no way to get into the place except traveling through the pylons.
   Supposed to be many pylon's there, but I've never had the chance to see
   it.

  Crashed Ship

     Rumored that some kind of space craft crashed. Don't know where it
   is, but the logical assumption is that the crash would have left a large
   scar on the landscape. Supposedly a few people know where it's at.

  EEEE

     Ed's Exquisite Equipment Emporium. A nice place to buy some rather
   high-tech weapons. I can't tell you where it's located, but if you
   explore enough, you should be able to locate it.

Major Groups:

  Death Warriors: A band of rather nasty raiders. Located at Death Warrior
                  camp. See above.

  Black Widows: Fierce female warriors. Home base unknown.

  Ronin:  A mystery really.  Some say they appeared with the crashed ship.
          They are tough though and they wander everywhere.

Weapons:

  Defs Sacre and I have come across a few unusual items:

  -> Black widow weapons, armor, and ammo. The black widows have some
     interesting weapons. They appear to be some new technology. Finding
     ammo for them is quite difficult.

  -> Slicer dicer and Torpex cannon. Rumored to be possessed by some robot
     being. Weapon operation unknown - appear to not require ammo.

  -> Warper. Rumored to have the power to teleport persons. Also appears
     that there is a "Em-Warp" rom out there somewhere that will
     automatically activate a warper if/when in danger.

  -> Persistant Rumors of some recruits being carted off to a hospital
     after being mortally wounded and left for dead, especially after
     fighting any of the gang known as Ronin.