  Congratulations on your selection of the new GS-224 Laptop

  You will it the finest laptop built since the collapse of civilization.
Of course, since its the only laptop produced since then, you may be
confused with its operation.  Here are some guidelines to get you started.

RUNNING PROGRAMS

  You will find that several programs are already installed on your laptop.
To activate any of them, or those you add later, merely type the name of
the file (without the .COM, .EXE, or .BAT that you find at the end of the
name).  You need not type any path-names or the like.  The GS-224 will
activate any file, no matter which directory it may lie in, by just the
specification of the filename.  It could not be simpler.  The GS-224 will
run a variety of programs, including text editors, games, and various
situation analysis utilities in its roomy 640k (approximately 640 thousand
characters) of memory.  Most of these will explain their uses when you run
them.

PRE-INSTALLED DOS UTILITIES

  The DOS sub-directory on your laptop contains a number of pre-supplied
  basic utilities. You may get a listing of the files in this directory at
  any time by simply typing "DIR DOS".

    CHKDSK Explains how much memory and space you have available
            and used on your laptop, and reports any problems.

    COPY   Copies files from ROM discs that you are carrying to
            the laptop's storage space.

    DEL    Deletes a file from the laptop.

    DIR    This IMPORTANT program lists all the other programs on
            your GS-224 and some information about them.

    EXIT   Exits the laptop.

    HELP   Displays this information file.

    VER    Tells you the version of DOS (what allows you to run
            the programs in the first place) your laptop uses.

ADDING PROGRAMS TO YOUR LAPTOP

  We know you didn't buy a laptop so you could run its diagnostic programs:
You either have a ROM disk, or plan on buying one in the near future.  When
you have your new ROM program, merely run COPY in your laptop.  It will
then ask you for what inventory slot you are carrying the ROM in, and if
you type ?, will display a list of your complete inventory.  Once you
select a ROM, the program from it will be loaded into your laptop's roomy
80 Megabyte (about 80 million characters) hard drive, the ROM will be
destroyed to prevent illegal copying, and in the future you can run the
program just like any of the pre-installed software.  Hitting the enter key
without a selection will abort COPY.

EXITING THE LAPTOP

  When you are finished using your GS-224 Laptop, merely type the name
EXIT.  This will run a program that does some minor maintenance and parks
your hard drive (making it so you can travel through even the bumpiest
terrain without damaging any information on the drive).  You will then
immediately be able to continue your travels.

COMMAND LINE PARAMETERS

  Some laptop programs are known to accept command line parameters. These
are options that are specified on the command line after the name of
the command you are executing. For example, to execute the "cstats"
program with the "/invall" parameter, you would type "cstats /invall".

  Known laptop command with command line parameters:

     DEL:    <fname>       Deletes a file from your laptop.

     DIR:    <blank>       displays the root directory
             "DOS"         shows files in the DOS directory

     COPY:   <blank>       asks for which rom to copy
             "/INVALL"     copies all roms in inventory
             "/INVx"       copies rom from inventory slot #x (x is a number)

     CSTATS: <blank>       combat stats summary report
             "/INVALL"     do weapons profile of all weapons in inventory
             "/INVx"       do weapons profile for inventory #x
             "/ITEMALL"    do weapons profile of all weapons at current
                           wastelands location.
             "/ITEMx"      do weapons profile of item #x at current wastelands
                           location.
             "/UNIAMMO"    Shows Uni-Ammo requirements of SR and LR weapons.

     EMWARP: "/ANCHOR"     Establish anchor point at current location
             "/ANCHORHOME" Reset anchor point to Sacre Base

  Once again thank you for your selection of this fine laptop.
