A Practical Guide to Advanced Weapons
Written by The Draku High Council on Weapons Development

To fulfill the Draku objective of world domination, several special
items have been developed. These items have been strategically "leaked"
into key weapons stores (primarily the EEEE and Kill, Inc establishments)
to provide availability to Sacre Base Warriors.

It is our hope that the procurement of Anti-Personnel devices by Sacre
Base Warriors, coupled with the highly competitive nature of Sacre Base
Warriors will lead to their extinction.

The following devices have been created for just that purpose.

Mine Basics
-----------
       All anti-personnel mines utilize a proximity detector device. The
proximity detector is triggered whenever a human intruder enters the
perimeter of the mine.

       Mines are available with two basic proximity detectors: The "DUMB"
model which will detonate when any human enters the area and the more
advanced "SMART" model which will detonate only when a human other than the
owner of the mine enters the perimeter.

       Several different charges are available:

       EXPLOSIVE: All mines include the basic explosive unit. Different
         degrees of explosives are available from a mild 5-10 damage
         explosive to a 20-35 damage explosive.

       ZAPPER: The exclusive Draku energy zapper unit (EZU) may also be
         incorporated into a mine. The EZU will drain all ammunition from
         the intruder, leaving him defenseless.

       TELEPORTER: The teleporter unit will send the human intruder
         immediately back to Sacre Base.

       RCU: Robotic Combat units are discussed below.

Warning Systems
---------------
       All Draku mines may be configured in either a warning or no-warning
(surprise) mode. The warning mode is useful for deterrence. The human will
be warned prior to entering a protected zone, giving the human a chance to
back down. Our studies have shown humans to lack bravery, and thus giving
them the chance to leave may keep from wasting a potentially expensive
explosive device.

       The no-warning (surprise) mode allows for the maximum element of
surprise, frequently resulting in the immediate death of the intruder.


Robomine Series
---------------
       The Robomines are the most complex of all Draku anti-personnel
devises. Each Robomine includes not only a cluster of explosive charges
which will detonate upon triggering by an intruder, but an imbedded
robotic combat unit (RCU)

       The RCU is available in several configurations, ranging from the
Mark II RCU which roughly approximates a difficult zone 2 monster to the
Mark VI RCU which approximates a far more difficult zone 6 monster.

Guardian Model
--------------
       The Guardian model has been developed for the ultimate in destructive
capability. It combines a highly effective explosive device (in the 20-35
capacity) coupled with a zapper and a Mark VI RCU.

       The 20-35 explosive charge will cause significant damage to the
intruder. Following that will be the Zapper which will drain all of the
attackers ammunition. The player will be virtually defenseless when he
encounters the Mark VI RCU.

Activation
----------
       It is important to note that the mine must in fact be "Installed"
by "using" it. A user may not simply drop a mine in a specific location
and expect it to be armed - the mine must first be installed by using the
"use" command.

Distribution
------------
       Mines will be distributed to the following entities:

       Kill, Inc: For sales to humans and elite warriors. Kill, Inc is
             located on a secret island.

       EEEE: Sales to mercenaries, as well as Sacre Base soldiers. The EEEE
             is located along a southern highway from Sacre Base.

       Xeboc: For use in the war against the humans. Xeboc's base is unknown;
              all communication will be with cabal warriors in the field.

       Draku Protection Forces: For protection of our borders.

