
Well, you brought me my steaks, so here's the information I promised:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wastelands information file.
Compiled by Troy Hadley with help from Defs Sacre. July 19, 2014.

Towns:

  #1: Sacre Base. Located at 7, 5.

     I'm sure this one isn't news to you. It's our home camp. Both myself
  and Defs Sacre hang out in the tavern so you may find us there.

  #2: Freedom City. Located at 53, 6.

     A guy named Eastwood runs this place. To my knowledge, it's the only
  other free city left in the wasteland.

  #3: Death Warrior Camp. Located at 43, 58.

     Them nasty death warriors. Their camp is south on the main highway.
  There are nuke strikes all around it - you can't miss it. Be careful of
  them death warriors though. The won't be friendly.

  #4: Black Widow Headquarters. Specific location unknown.

     Rumored to be located in deadwood forest, surrounded by the dark
  mountains. See below.

Fountains:

     A series of fountains were constructed by ACME Fountains & Ponds, Inc.
  These fountains all have certain chemical properties. For example, the
  fountain in the center of Sacre Base will nullify ones hunger.

     Two fountains lie behind sealed doors within Sacre Base. Nobody around
  here can remember what happened to the keys to these doors. It's rather
  embarrassing. Any attempts to breach the Sacre Base security walls and
  reach the sealed fountain rooms has failed.

Pylons:

     We don't know much about the pylons. They're some sort of transportation
  device -- that much is certain. Pylons come in two varieties: Red and
  Green. Different keys are used to access the different colored pylons.

     Rumor has it that the pylons are controlled by a series of colored
  buttons. There is a supposedly a laptop program to determine these color
  mappings, but as of yet, we have no copy of this laptop ROM.

     Two pylons (one green and one red) may be found close to Sacre Base.
  Follow the main highway east and then take the first branch to the
  north.

Subway:

     A subway has been constructed between Sacre base and the neighboring
  village of Freedom City. Unfortunately, the mayor there was obsessed
  with charging for Subway access and a subway pass is required to access
  the subway. The mayor of freedom city has yet to supply us with any of
  the required passes. You may be able to locate some source of them in
  Freedom City.

Places of interest:

  Deadwood Forest.

     This place is the home of the dreaded black widows. It's true location
  is not known, but both the BW Pylon and the BW headquarters are located
  here. It's rumored to be in the dark mountains, in the south-central
  portion of the map.

  Quasar Mountain

     Located somewhere to the right of deadwood forest. Rumor is there is
  no way to get into the place except traveling through the pylons.
  Supposed to be many pylon's there, but I've never had the chance to see
  it.

  Crashed Ship

     Rumored that some kind of space craft crashed here. Don't know where it
  is, but the logical assumption is that the crash would have left a large
  radioactive scar on the landscape. Look for large concentrations of
  radiation.

  EEEE

     Ed's Exquisite Equipment Emporium. A nice place to buy some rather
  high-tech weapons. I can't tell you where it's located, but if you
  explore enough, you should be able to locate it.

  Hospital

     Persistant Rumors of some recruits being carted off to a hospital 
   after being mortally wounded and left for dead, especially after
   fighting any of the gang known as Ronin.

Major Groups:

  Death Warriors: The Death Warriors are a band of anarchistic raiders.
     They'll attack anyone, and for damn little reason. They do have a rather
     sizable headquarters located southeast of Sacre Base.

  Black Widows: These fierce female warriors should be handled with caution.
     Many of our recruits have ventured into their territory never to be
     heard from again....

  Drakus: The Drakus are highly technological. They may be the source for
     some of the technology available at EEEE and other high-tech weapons
     outlets.

  Priesthood of Loki: All attempts to contact the priesthood of Loki have
     failed. The priests will invariably attack anyone within their
     range.

  Ronin:  A mystery really.  Some say they appeared with the crashed ship.
          They are tough though and they wander everywhere.

Weapons:

  Defs Sacre and I have come across a few unusual items:

  -> Black widow weapons, armor, and ammo. The black widows have some
     interesting weapons. They appear to be some new technology. Finding
     ammo for them is quite difficult.

  -> Slicer dicer and Torpex cannon. Rumored to be possessed by some robot
     being. Weapon operation unknown - appear to not require ammo.

  -> Warper. Rumored to have the power to teleport persons. Also appears
     that there is a "Em-Warp" rom out there somewhere that will
     automatically activate a warper if/when in danger.


