ACME Weapons: Weaponsmith services
----------------------------------

       ACME Weapons maintains a full-time weaponsmith to provide the public
  with various conversions, modifications, and upgrades to existing weapons.
  The range of our services are outlined below:


ACCURIZE (10%, 20%, or 30%)

       Accurizing a weapon is simply the process of improving a weapon's
  accuracy. We are capable of improving accuracy by 10% to 30%, depending
  on your requirements.

       Your accuracy will be improved whenever you use the accurized weapon,
  and only when you use the accurized weapon. For example, if you had an
  "accurized neutron rifle" and a standard "neutron sabre", then your
  accuracy when you shoot the neutron rifle would be 10% greater, but your
  accuracy while using the neutron sabre would remain unchanged.

       Accurizing can be performed only once. If a weapon is accurized to
  10%, it cannot then be re-accurized to 20% or 30%.

       Accurizing can be performed on both long range and short range
  weapons.


INTENSIFY (10%, 20%, or 30%)

       Intensification is the process of improving the damage that a weapon
  inflicts. We are capable of improving this damage by 10% to 30%, depending
  on your requirements.

       As with accurizing, intensifying is in effect whenever you use the
  intensified weapon, and only when you use that weapon.

       Intensifying can be performed only once to a weapon. A weapon cannot
  be re-intensified to a greater level.

       Intensifying can be performed on both long range and short range
  weapons.


UNI-AMMO CONVERSION

       Uni-Ammo conversion is a special service we offer for energy weapons.
  You have probably experienced frustrating situations when you lacked the
  required type of ammunition for a weapon, but had a surplus of another
  incompatible type on hand.

       Uni-Ammo will fix this problem. With a Uni-Ammo conversion package
  installed, your energy weapon will be able to use any type of energy
  ammunition that you may have, automatically.

       The Uni-Ammo conversion works only with ENERGY WEAPONS and ENERGY
  AMMO. For example, see the below tables:

       COMPATIBLE WITH                 INCOMPATIBLE WITH

       Electroblade                    All non powered weapons
       Electrosword                    all gunpowder weapons
       Electrolance                    all bow and crossbows
       Neutron Sabre                   
       All Phasers                     
       Comp Blaster                    
       Grav Blast                      
       Plasma Blast
       Neutron Rifle

       Power Pack                      Arrows
       Power Belt                      All Gunpowder type ammo
       Grav Pack
       Plasma Pack
       Neutron Pack

       The above tables are not an exhaustive list; There are many other
  weapons and ammo that the Uni-Ammo conversion may be used with. Please see
  our weaponsmith for more information.

       NOTE: A weapon with a more advanced ammunition type may require
  more charges from a more primitive weapon type. For example, a Uni-Ammo
  Neutron Blaster would require the following ammunition for one shot:

       Power Pack or Power Belt: 5 units
       Grav Pack...............: 3 units
       Plasma Pack.............: 2 units
       WidowPack...............: 2 units
       Neutron Pack............: 1 unit

       Ammunition packs with fewer than the required number of units are
  thus unusable (i.e. in the above example, a Power Pack/4 or a Grav Pack/2
  would be useless)

       Using the CSTATS ROM with the "/uniammo" switch will display the
  ammunition requirements for any weapons with Uni-Ammo conversions.

       Uni-Ammo conversions may be performed on both long range and short
  range weapons.


THREE ROUND BURST CONVERSION

       Our three round burst conversion allows your long range weapon to
  fire three shots in rapid succession. By firing three shots instead of one,
  your potential for damage is much greater.

       Due to weapon vibration, the accuracy of your weapon will degrade
  as each of the three shots is fired:

       First shot...: 100% Accuracy
       Second shot..: 80%  Accuracy
       Third shot...: 60%  Accuracy

       Even with the reduced accuracy on the second and third shots, the
  shots are still capable of doing full damage if they hit.

       Conversions may only be performed on Energy Weapons such as the
  phasers, comp blaster, gravblast, etc. Conversions may not be performed
  on conventional weapons such as crossbows, clip pistols, uzis, etc.

       Three round burst conversions may only be performed on long range
  weapons.


SHOCKWAVE BLASTER MODULE

       Our shockwave blaster represents a new innovation in wasteland combat
  tactics. The shockwave blaster will fire a precisely calculated burst of
  high frequency energy in the direction of your enemy. This energy burst
  has a very high impact force and may cuase your enemy to drop one or more
  of his items.

       Extensive testing on real world combat simulations has revealed the
  odds of causing a hostile to drop an item to be approximately 15%. Although
  this is not very frequently, one must understand that the loss of an
  important item (such as a weapon or ammunition pack) could be devestating
  to the opponent.


GRENADE LAUNCHER

       There has long been a debate between combatants about the use of a
  grenade versus that of a long range weapon. Grenades have the advantage
  of scoring a definite hit due to their large blast range. However, their
  limited availability and restricted damage ranges make them less effective
  than a long range weapon.

       Combatants have long had to choose between one or the other. This is
  no longer the case. ACME Weapons is now proud to offer the new line of
  MKL-29TU grenade launching accessories. We can mount a grenade launcher
  tube to ANY long range weapon. This will allow you to both launch a grenade
  and fire a long range shot at the same time.

       Caution: The bulky addition of the grenade launcher will have negetive
  effects on the normal accuracy of your long range weapons. We have
  calculated that most shooters experience a 30% loss in accuracy while a
  grenade launcher is attached to their weapon.


ARMOR BURNER

       We at ACME Weapons have long noticed the proliferation of high
  strength armor types in the wastelands. These armor types can have a very
  detrimental effect on combat efficiency. Warriors have complained that
  they sometimes spend more time hacking an enemies armor to bits than they
  spend hitting the enemy himself.

       We have a solution. Through extensive in-field testing, we have
  devised a special modulation frequency which when applied to a short range
  weapon's energy field, will cause increased damage when the weapon impacts
  armor of any type.

       We are proud to offer armor burning enhancements that range from 200%
  to 800% of normal damage levels. Damage inflicted on the opponent himself
  is unaffected by this modification, but destruction of the opponent's armor
  may now be accomplished at a much faster rate.


DEATHPULSE

       Our deathpulse unit is an advanced modification which will charge
  your short range weapon with a substantially greater amount of power than
  normal. The net increase should be 500% to 1000%. However, there are
  some concerns:

       - The increased power level may damage your weapon, making it
         unusable. ACME Weapons does operate a repair department, but
         repairs are costly.

       - Because it's charged to a higher potential, it will eat up
         significantly more ammunition than normal.

       Once your weapon is equipped with the deathpulse module, we
  recommend only using it in extreme situations where it is absolutely
  necessary.


USE OF THE CSTATS ROM

       The GS-224 Laptop (available from Sacre Base) can be equipped with
  a very useful program entitled "CSTATS". CSTATS will display a weapons
  profile for your short and long range weapons. This profile will display
  any Accurize or Intensify operations that have been performed, Uni-Ammo
  conversions, 3 round burst conversions, etc.

       The CSTATS ROM may also be used to display ammo requirements for
  Uni-Ammo weapons by using the "CSTATS /UNIAMMO" switch.

       Please see your Laptop's HELP command for more information on using
  CSTATS.

